What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
Difference between git repository and normal directory
The git repository contains '.git' hidden directory which stores 
all the metadata about the git directory since it was created.
By 'git init', it creates '.git' hidden repository, which is 
indicative of the fact that the normal directory has now 
turned into a git repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
Working directory contains all the files stored on hard drive under the directory
When you run 'git init', it creates an empty git repository which
will contain a snapshot of your files in the working directory
depending on which files you want to commit.
Staging area is the intermediate between the two, it allows
you to make a decisoin as to which files from the working directory
do you want to commit to the git repository.
By running 'git add file', these files are now tracked for changes,
i.e. they are added to the staging area.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
By running 'git diff', you can identify the changes that you haven't staged yet.
If you come across a logical change this way you can stage(git add file) right away and
commit(git commit) it.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Branches allow us to modify the code while having the old version intact.
By checking out the branch as we kmow the name we can return back to original version,
in case the experiment fails (git checkout branch_name)

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
By running,
git log --graph --oneline branch1 branch2
we get the diagram of how the commits have evolved.
The ones with '|' before are the branched out commits, then
those above them are the master branch commits. 
The ones below the '|'ed commits are the commits that
are common to both the master and other branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
First we checkout the branch, lets say branch1 which we want 
to be updated to be the head of the merge. By running,
git merge branch2
We have merged the branch2 into branch1, which means git by 
referring to the common commit to from which branches evolved
and the latest commits of the two branches, identifies which 
changes are to be retained and which are to be deleted, thus 
creating a new commit which is the merge of the two with the branch1
updated to refer to this latest commit.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Automatic merging:
If the tips(commits) of the two branches are simply involving addition and deletion of line or group of lines,
auto merging works pretty well.
However, there are modifications made, then git has no way to decide which version it shoul retain and raises the merge conflict.
Manual merging:
This is quite tedious and erronous when dealing with large contents.